---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "A Sad Parting"
description: "Recovery of the chair.  A Sad Parting"
category: articles
---

Our mice anxously pondered what to do to excape from the house and sneak past the vermin
milling outside.  Robin rigged up an harness that would allow them to carry the magnificent
rocking chair on one's back, freeing up one's paws for other tasks.

After some debate whether to wait until evening, or perhaps even until early morning, to
use darkness as cover, the patrol decided they needed to get back to Mr. Short as soon
as possible.  Quintain, quiet and stealth, would sneak to the far side of the village and
torch one of the houses there, drawing the urgent attention of the weasles.  Dain and Robin
would use the ensuing commotion as the signal to dart out the back of the house and meet up
with Quintain and Mr. Short.

Anxiously our two mice waited for Quintain to do his work.  Suddenly from outside, they heard
as shout.

"Ohhhs nooos Mawwty, it's a barrn'n!"

Peering through the front window, Dain saw the two weasles dash off, and the mice made their
move.  Quickly ducking from cover to cover, they made their way to the outskirts of town.
Arriving breathlessly, they meet up with Quintain and went to collect their charge. Approaching
the bush they saw signs of disturbance and called out quietly, "Martin! Martin!", with no response.

Then from the far side of they hear a snarling, boisterous voice, "Ahhh, Karwwl, lookies whats I's a found!"

Cautiously the party looks through the brush to see a terrified Mr. Short dangling in the clutches of
two vicous beasts. A short debate broke out whether they should just leave him to his fate,
but everyone quickly agrees that a rescue attempt should be made.

Robin, encumbered with the chair, rigged his spear in the middle of the path, pointing up at
a 45 degree angle, with the point right at weasle height.  Dain drew his sword and circled around
close to the weasles, while Quintain readied his bow.

Suddenly a 'twange' rang out as a small arrow buried itself into one of the weasle's faces! Instantly
Dain bravely dove from cover and dealt a vicious slice to one of the fiend's knees.  The startled,
and greatly pained, weasles dropped Mr. Short with cries of startlement and pain.  Dain grabbed
Mr. Short and they began bolting down the path towards the other waiting mice.

"Wowwzie, Geowgie!  Thems getting thems away!" hollered one of the weasles as it snatched the arrow
from his face, blood dripping down from the wound and began scampering after the fleeing mice.

A chase was on!

The other rascally weasle, clutching at his damaged leg bellowed, "I'm gonna gits you for that.  Karwll, git thems!"
and came hobbling after.  Desperately the mice pound down the path trying to lure the weasles
into their waiting trap.  Quintain strung another arrow, but in his haste nicked the bowstring, causing
it to snap.  Dain stutter-stepped, hoping to throw the chasers off, but they lunged forward sensing
an opportunity.

Dain managed to squirt forward and hollered, "Frank, now, now!"

Startled, fearing more mice ready to get them, the weasles slow and look around for the coming ambush.
When nothing happened, George says "Theys aint got thems no Frank!", to which Karl quipped, "Nor no beans!".
Having a chuckle, and feeling boisterous and bullying, the weasles leaped forward and snagged Mr. Short who gave
a terrified squeal.

Robin, who had been waiting a ways down the trail, turned back and began to head towards the fray.
Dain, having vowed to watch over the party, wheeled around and lept onto the weasles, whipping his
sword at the pursuers.  Mr. Short, once again freed, darted forward under the urging of Quintain, fleeing
down the path.

Unfortunately, Dain was quickly swarmed under and abolished by the weasles, giving his life so that the others
can go free.

Miserable and sad, the three mice manage to straggle back to Walnutpeck.  The loss of Dain weighs heavily upon
them.  Our guard mice dejectedly head back to Lockhaven to report the dreadful news.  Mr. Short, using his master
carpentry skills, carved a tribute to him into the chair.  Stories of his selfless sacrifice and the bravery
of the Guard cirle in the outlying towns.  The legend of Dain's sword, "Bird Bane", get passed around,
lost to the weasles.

Who knows, maybe the stories will spark a sense of wonder and adventure in some young mouse, who will join the
guard or seek vengence upon the terrible weasles.
