---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "A New Quest"
description: "Tortuga.  A New Direction"
category: articles
---

Our ship pulls into Tortuga with only minor incident* on the seas.  The place is
dirty and unkempt, as one would expect from a pirate hide away.  Taking one look
at the riotous decadance, Bucksnort suggests that this is no place for a lady,
and begins to suggest that perhaps Flower should wait for them to return.  Seeing
the steely gleam in her eye and the steely glistening of her knives, he quickly
suggests that she should indeed accompany them.

The party begins to wander the town, looking for Dain.  They walk into a nearby
pub and begin to discretely make inquiries.  Every knows of Dain, but none have
seen him recently.  A helpful bloke informs them that Dain had been in town
not too long ago, but had set sail a week or so prior and noone knows when he
is expected to return.

After a frusterating series of conversations, Bucksnort snorts in disgust and
suggests that perhaps Flower should peddle her feminine whiles and see if she
could make an headway.  She shimmies out into the crowd and is quickly meet with
many helping suggestions and offers to facilitate whatever she may need.  It is quickly
determined that indeed Dain has just returned from his recent forays out at sea
and his ship is docked at the wharf.  However Dain is currently not on his ship
but can be found down the street at a certain inn he prefers.  Flower returns
and which a sly smirk relates the good news.

With a 'Well then...', Bucksnort heads out the door and down the street to meet
with Dain.

Dirk, meanwhile, has been scouting around the docks looking for information.
He sees Dain's ship moored, and heads into town to find the rest of his party.

They all meet up in the streets and discuss what they have found.  They decide to
all together go into the inn and speak with Dain before making further decisions.

The party heads into the inn and confront the front desk worker, demanding to know
where Dain was as they wished to speak with him.  The poor mouse at first denied
any knowledge of "this Dain character", until he was eventually pursuaded to reveal
that Dain was in the dining room at that moment.

Our mice head in there, only to have the way blocked by a blustering blowhard attempting
to threaten Dain, accusing him of crowding out business on the high seas and insisting
that Dain leave the pirate business for good.  Not the least bit dissuaded by this
belligerant bloggard, Bucksnort confronts the  cowardly curmudgeon and demands that he should be
the one to leave.  Heated words fly, steel is drawn, Flower attempts a flying drop kick
from on top of a table to one of the luckless lackys, Dirk and Rusty pummel some pugulents,
the captain's pants get sliced off of his body, much to everyone's chagrin.  Thoroughly
humiliated , the hassling crew are harried out of the hostel.

That little bit of business dealt with, the mice settle in for a little bit of a chat
with Dain.  He thanks them for being willing to join his crew, and states he is planning
on sailing forth the next day.  He has heard word of a hidden island that has a cave
that may contain clues about where the raven can be found.

Our group decides to ask around the island whether there are any other clues that may
help, and maybe to find some interpreters for some crazy dreams they've had recently.
They get directed to a Seer and Scholars hang out named The Drunken Goat.  Within they
find a group of chanting monk-mice.  Managing to gain the attention of a couple of them,
the mice glean a few cryptic statements.  With little to nothing to go on, our troop
bunker down for the night, prepared to seek more adventures on the morrow.
