---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "Beavers"
description: "New Adventures.  War!"
category: articles
---

The news of Dain's passing spread around Lockhaven.  Tales of his adventure grew bigger and ever more fanciful.
He was hailed as a folk hero throughout the outlying towns.

Some time passed, and new heros rose from the ranks of the Guard.  Ever curious to learn their stories and
make sure they are faithfully recorded, the archivists guild has recieved an abundunce of recruits.  Once such
newly trained guardmouse, young Dirk, wishes to set out with a pair of older mice and learn their stories
before they retire.

Rusty Bottums, brewer and party mouse, is heading out with his long time friend Bucksnort, an aged, rugged warrior
hoping to have one last patrol before having to hang up his cloak for good.

And they are with luck!  Reports come in of rising waters threatening the mouse town of Copperwood, Rusty's hometown.
The party heads off to investigate.

The scene is one of panic, as the flood waters are beginning to envelop the edges of the town.  Mice scramble
about in chaos attempting to get whatever they can to higher ground. Bucksnort quickly shouts for order,
demanding that everyone calm down, the Guard was there to help, and by golly, help was going to happen.
The mayor approaches, only to be ovewhelmed by the gruff demands and commands of the old warrior.  Quickly offended,
he storms off to threats of being "beaten in a fight, you lousy cur!"  This does not seem to help the situation.

The guardmice decide that since everyone here is vastly incompetent, they will go and investigate the cause
of the flooding.  Much to their dismay, beavers have built a dam across the nearby stream, which is now flooding
from the late spring snow melt.  Bucksnort immediately demands they attack the beavers and drive them off, then
destroy the dam.  Rusty suggests heading back to town for some calming drinks and a chance to talk over their plan.

Back in the town, it is decided that perhaps the best option would be to dig a trench around the dam, creating
a spillway to stop the increasing flood.  The strong mining mice of the town are rallied and immediately set
out to dig a trench.  They make short work of digging a canal and begin to celebrate with some of Rusty's excellent
brews.

However, the beavers are not going to have any of this!  They swarm out of their den and begin blocking off the canal.
Dirk manages to communicate to them the danger their dam posses to the town and tries to work out a compromise
where the beavers will leave the overflow undisturbed.  Unfortunately, the obstinate rodents refuse.  Crestfallen,
the townsmice prepare for the destruction of their town.

The Guard, having none of this foolishness, rouse their spirits!

Grabbing mining implements, and lead by a howling Rusty, the mice race to war against the beavers!  Dirk takes a
contingent and flanks the beavers, throwing up barricades.  Rusty and Bucksnort wade into the fray, striking
mighty blows of terrifying ferosity.  The battle surges back and forth, until the beavers manage to drive the mice
away from the dam.  They then retreat, licking their wounds, having come to a begrudging respect of the
tenacity of the micefolk.  A truce is struck, where the beavers will allow the overflow to remain, and the
mice will not harrass the beavers.

A mighty party is then enjoined, and Rusty debuts his new brew, Beaver Beer.

(It is _terrible_.)
